# CYC-Checker
Perl Script from my personal toolbox to calculate the CYC of functions, Mostly used for c++ but should work for any language turing-completed with sane syntax/keyword naming.  

It's reckless/poor scripting with no intention to make someting **CLEAN**, I just thougt i needed it and spent more time on this readme than anything

**Cyclomatic complexity (CYC) is a software metric used to determine the complexity of a program. It is a count of the number of decisions in the source code. The higher the count, the more complex the code.**
  
  
  
>### Cyclomatic complexity can be used in two ways, to:  
>- Limit code complexity.  
>- Determine the number of test cases required.

## Dependency
- Perl (?!?)

## Usage
go into the folder where your source code is, and launch the script with/without arg, it will search every file looking for this exact **LINE**, which should be placed just on above the function you want to be evaluated.

>```//CYC CHECKER: [##]``` or ```//CYC CHECKER [00]```  
>
>e.g: bar.cpp
>``` cpp
>//CYC CHECKER [00]
>void foo(void)
>{
>    if (a && b)
>        x=1;
>    else
>        x=2;
>}
>```  

If there's a trailling space the checker just gonna ignore it and search for the next symbol, doing this for the sake of not overwriting your data.

Next, If you didn't set flags the script gonna output the result in the console like this
```
[J@Doe:CYC-Checker] ./cycheck
    ./bar.cpp
           3  void foo(void)
```
Where 3 is the result, in front of the name of the function, under the name of the files it's contained  
And, update the line with the result in the file.
>``` cpp
>//CYC CHECKER: [03]
>void foo(void)
>{
>    if (a && b)
>        x=1;
>    else
>        x=2;
>}
>``` 

### Flags

You can find the same information by calling the script with a **-h**
```
Usage: ./cycheck [arg] [option] ...
Possible arg:
        -help: show this help
        -s: Disable the output on STDOUT, Warning still gonna appear
        -no-warn: Disable the warnings generated on STDOUT
        -no-mod: Open File on read-only and will not append the Checker result on the files
        -warn: Specifie when Warning should be generated by the int gived as option after it, default is 30
```